Patch 305-empty-autoscaling-group (#325)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/autoscaling/empty-autoscaling-group.md

| **Recommended Action** | Delete the unused AutoScaling group. |

## Detailed Remediation Steps
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Select the "Services" option and search for EC2. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/empty-autoscaling-group/step2.png"/>
3. In the EC2 Management console, scroll down and click on the "Auto Scaling groups" at the bottom.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/empty-autoscaling-group/step3.png"/>
4. On the "Auto Scaling groups" page, select the auto scaling group which needs to be verified whether autoscaling groups contain at least 1 instance or not.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/empty-autoscaling-group/step4.png"/>

> 5. On the "Auto Scaling group" page, scroll down and check if there is any instance running under the "Instances". If no instances is running, please delete the selected Auto Scaling group.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/empty-autoscaling-group/step5.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. On the "Auto Scaling group" page, scroll down and check if there is any instance running under the "Instances". If no instance is running, please delete the selected Auto Scaling group.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/empty-autoscaling-group/step5.png"/>
```

6. Repeat steps number 2 - 5 to check other groups in the account.</br>
7. Navigate to the EC2 console using the link https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/ .</br>
8. Select the Auto Scaling group from the left navigation panel and select the Auto Scaling group without any active isntance.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/empty-autoscaling-group/step8.png"/>
9. Click on the "Delete" button at the top after selecting the Auto Scaling group.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/empty-autoscaling-group/step9.png"/>
10. On the "Delete Auto Scaling groups" tab, type delete in the box for the confirmation and click on the "Delete" button to make the changes.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/empty-autoscaling-group/step10.png"/>

> 11. Repeat steps number 7 - 10 to delete the unused AutoScaling group.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Repeat steps number 7 - 10 to delete the unused Auto Scaling group.</br>
```
